add that many women have to
dive before entering the water
Of course, because they add up, they have an endless
of swimsuits to find the most
indicated in that are anti in a
search that is not always pleasant in the
body against is much much
in which you fix for example where you do not
I look very great the taste for
example I have quite a taste and in this
I'm looking for what I'm looking for
that I look good and that's why I
I buy alone and without normal or nothing
that is precisely the option to buy the
swimsuit separately on the
tendency because it does not always happen that
the sizes of both pieces of the bikini
Match up and down and it suits you
one size up and one size down
and there you stay with the move and the
inconvenience is that suddenly a
m length of a bikini does not fit me
whole because I generally do not know I have
more pictures of less breast or very back
fine
then I liked to combine it look for
suddenly a part of above
and a part of above and a part of was
l answering that need several
Designers choose to leave free
choice the sizes of swimsuits
two pieces and as well as mix the
Sizes can also be combined
different forms of bikinis many
take to the multitiendas and tai oliva to
buy you ls up and down m opened of
down and so here I clear I started doing
the exam and has combining sizes
combining models for example ones that
they preferred the colaless another leg for the
wider roll for example you choose
the song model that you like the most
your size and the model of support that more
you like it in your size and you can do the
combinations of colors that is
this has its match in the other two
support models of this same
combination there are more models of short under
all the sizes or that is the idea
like the custom bikini but what
you take it altiro
Tatiana goes even further with such
solve the lives of those who suffer
looking for a swimsuit works with
almost 20 different molds for tastes and
hips also offers the possibility of
make the swimsuit you have ordered
based on us we did not spend our in
our furniture but the person puts on
you have a color x is in the store
The factory will be delayed
approximately one to two weeks
according to the level of production that
let's have you have more responsibilities are
those overweight people for
they are ideal tanks are
quiet and put yourself to what I can use
perfectly a person who has 130
study and modern colors we are not
talking about the black coffee does not go and
everything also that gives you the costumes of
bathroom has also requested solves the
problems of thin women margaret
combines sizes s and m however many
sometimes does not find the right one and what
send then in other parts not the
find and exclusive here that has
cost quite find a place
where I arrived I feel in confidence and I
answer back
what I want what I am
asking for a bikini to my size
as many look for the perfect fit
others strive to achieve
exclusivity coconut bought 10 costumes from
bathroom for this season and in his
choice do not leave anything to chance nor do I
I buy all the collections from that of
I love to see the year
previous that comes next year but
Looking for a unique size is like
I usually had it is like going to the beach
today in the pool and show a piece
which has been denied where he got that suit
go person you also your main
asesora is daria wright makes a couple of
years brings the Colombian garments that
offers in your store located on street
alonso de cordova one or two sizes of
each one prevents several repetitions
are embroidered by hand what makes this
wardrobe a unique piece
all these swimsuits are
hand-worked with applications like
this chair with look this brings out all this
this lock worked by hand women
they look for the design they look for colors because
they look for something different all the fabrics to
side of the quality beyond getting
a years suit to burn you ex wear a
costume or year so that you have pretty you
feel woman is a little the grace that
when you put on like you change the
Bladder may be one of the garments
harder to choose what's important
is not to despair in the attempt to
find it because the possibilities of
find one to measure are increasingly
spacious